Forget it, I was careless this time, Captain
Do you want me to teach him a lesson?
Do you think you are his opponent?
i
I just saw you had a lollipop on the table.
I have a hobby for Shen Qingyan
Just love lollipops
And they're all of this brand.
Didn't he make it through 7:30?
Then you go and help him
You mean dog bites dog?
If you understand, do it.
If you don't get it, you will destroy it. It's the captain
Wait a minute.
Well you take it
No more surprises
Thank you captain for the reward
Recently, Shen Qingyan's grandchildren
Is there any movement?
Sister, I'm staring at it
They've been freaking out lately
There are no shadows of them in the whole park
Dare to fight us at 7:30 and court death
Ah!
Who the hell did this?
Did it fall into the restaurant?
Boss, what are you looking for? I have nothing to do. Go buy some lollipops.
Ouch, you are not a child anymore.
Why do you like to eat that stuff every day?
What do you know?
It's called stress relief.
Let's go
The boss is right